<div class="toc">
<div class="tocheader toctoggle" id="toc__header">Table of Contents</div>
<div id="toc__inside">

<ul class="toc">
<li class="level1"><div class="li"><span class="li"><a href="#help_with_postgenomic_statistics_and_rankings" class="toc">Help with Postgenomic statistics and rankings</a></span></div>
<ul class="toc">
<li class="clear">

<ul class="toc">
<li class="level3"><div class="li"><span class="li"><a href="#blogs" class="toc">Blogs</a></span></div></li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"><span class="li"><a href="#journals" class="toc">Journals</a></span></div></li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</div>
</div>

<h1><a name="help_with_postgenomic_statistics_and_rankings" id="help_with_postgenomic_statistics_and_rankings">Help with Postgenomic statistics and rankings</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
 Rankings are a subjective affair: bear in mind that the makeup of science blogs isn&rsquo;t necessarily the same as the makeup of scientists as a whole (or even science blog readers as a whole).
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [1-251] -->
<h3><a name="blogs" id="blogs">Blogs</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
 All blog statistics are calculated over a 90 day window.
</p>

<p>
Blogs are ranked on the number of incoming links from other science blogs (in posts; not as part of the blogroll).
</p>

<p>
Word counts, % complexity, Flesch, Kincaid and Fog readability statistics are calculated by looking at the posts from each feed that we have in the database. Blogs that don&rsquo;t include the full text of their posts in their feeds won&rsquo;t have accurate stats (they won&rsquo;t influence the rankings of other blogs or paper / link citations as much, either). There&rsquo;s a page about making your blog <a href="/interface/wiki/doku.php?id=postgenomic_friendly" class="wikilink2" title="postgenomic_friendly">Postgenomic friendly</a> elsewhere on the wiki.
</p>

<p>
Statistics are calculated once a week (it&rsquo;s an in-depth process!). If you&rsquo;ve had some really popular posts over the past couple of days then don&rsquo;t despair if your ranking doesn&rsquo;t change immediately.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [252-1076] -->
<h3><a name="journals" id="journals">Journals</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
 Journals are ranked on the number of posts from science blogs that link to one or more of their papers - <strong>not</strong> on the number of papers in the index. 
</p>

<p>
If you see a line saying that there are &ldquo;no direct links&rdquo; to papers on a journal summary page then it&rsquo;s possible that we aren&rsquo;t picking up papers from that journal properly: this is because Postgenomic only follows links that lead to the URLs we know are associated with journals. The solution is for the relevant publisher to send us a list of relevant URLs / journal names. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [1077-] -->