<div class="toc">
<div class="tocheader toctoggle" id="toc__header">Table of Contents</div>
<div id="toc__inside">

<ul class="toc">
<li class="level1"><div class="li"><span class="li"><a href="#reviews" class="toc">Reviews</a></span></div>
<ul class="toc">
<li class="level2"><div class="li"><span class="li"><a href="#what" class="toc">What</a></span></div></li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"><span class="li"><a href="#why" class="toc">Why</a></span></div></li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"><span class="li"><a href="#how" class="toc">How</a></span></div></li></ul>
</li></ul>
</div>
</div>

<h1><a name="reviews" id="reviews">Reviews</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION [1-23] -->
<h2><a name="what" id="what">What</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 Reviews on Postgenomic are like mini-reviews of single papers. Imagine that you are making a presentation to a (very large) journal club. Reviews can be positive or negative or anywhere in-between and can be as formal or informal as you like. Reviews typically carry a rating.
</p>

<p>
Reviews can be created by bloggers and registered users. They are lightly curated by NPG to ensure that they meet some minimum standards for inclusion: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> They should cover one paper in detail</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> They should be at least ~100 words long, not including any text quoted from the paper</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> No defamatory or grossly offensive material, please</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [24-661] -->
<h2><a name="why" id="why">Why</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 What are the benefits?
</p>

<p>
Reviews are: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> given a DOI so that they can be cited easily</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> version controlled (we&rsquo;ll have a backed-up digital record of them for as long as you want us to)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added as a LinkOut to the relevant paper in PubMed </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A great way to share specialized knowledge with a wider scientific audience</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [662-1003] -->
<h2><a name="how" id="how">How</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 Any registered user can add a review to a paper.
</p>

<p>
Or you can use semantic markup in your blog posts. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [1004-] -->